Examples cleaning (#2921)
garden-io/garden: examples/vote/README.md

**Note:** If you're running _minikube_, you may need to add the appropriate entries to your `/etc/hosts` file.
Find the IP for your local cluster by running `minikube ip` and add an entry with that IP for each of
`vote.vote.local.app.garden`, `result.vote.local.app.garden` and `api.vote.local.app.garden`.
This is not necessary when using Docker for Desktop, because your cluster will then be exposed directly on _localhost_.

### To Vote

The voting UI is at http://vote.vote.local.app.garden/. Open a browser tab, and try voting a few times.

### View Results

In a separate tab, open http://result.vote.local.app.garden. The results there will reflect in real-time your voting.

### Try out code synchronization

> Tp start up the synchronization:

Reviewer: FIX THE TYPOO!
```suggestion
To start up the synchronization:
```

```sh
garden dev
```

> Try making a change to one of the source files in the `vote` service, to see it synchronize into the

Reviewer: unnecessary comma
```suggestion
Make a change to one of the source files in the `vote` service to see it synchronize into the
```
